README.md, before:

# Netcheck
A dead simple SwiftUI project to verify internet connectivity and see your IP addresses, across all Apple platforms, coming soon, for real this time. (Whenever I fix some of the Settings bugs. And maybe add a proper Settings menu for macOS. And maybe sync Settings on watchOS over iCloud. And maybe finalize the tvOS and visionOS versions. And maybe add a better dark mode widget to better match iOS 18's dark icons. Okay maybe I have a lot more work to do here. I'm not distributing a public release until it's fully baked!)

<img src="https://github.com/forcequitOS/Netcheck/blob/main/ncmacOSv2.png?raw=true" alt="The Netcheck macOS app icon" width="25%">

### Features:
- Support for iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS, visionOS, and watchOS, seriously.
- Widgets for your Home Screen, Lock Screen, Apple Watch Face, Mac desktop, and watchOS Smart Stack, yes, actually.
- Somewhat properly scaled Retina icons for macOS (I see you, low res display users)
- Designed to take advantage of watchOS 10 UI design
- Full iOS 18 icon theming support (With tintable widgets too, don't think I forgot that now.)
- Displays your public and private IP addresses (Genuinely very useful on specifically watchOS, where it's damn near impossible to get your private IP address.)
- Keyboard shortcuts on macOS
- No sideloading required on iPads! (As I distribute a Swift Playgrounds version of Netcheck at the same exact time I distribute the standard IPAs)
- Fast. Simple. What more could you want?

Commit message:

Renames to Avenis, adds credits to readme

README.md, after:

# Avenis
A dead simple SwiftUI project to verify internet connectivity and see your IP addresses, across all Apple platforms, coming soon, for real this time. (Whenever I fix some of the Settings bugs. And maybe add a proper Settings menu for macOS. And maybe sync Settings on watchOS over iCloud. And maybe finalize the tvOS and visionOS versions. And maybe add a better dark mode widget to better match iOS 18's dark icons. Okay maybe I have a lot more work to do here. I'm not distributing a public release until it's fully baked!)

<img src="https://github.com/forcequitOS/Avenis/blob/main/ncmacOSv2.png?raw=true" alt="The Avenis macOS app icon" width="25%">

### Features:
- Support for iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS, visionOS, and watchOS, seriously.
- Widgets for your Home Screen, Lock Screen, Apple Watch Face, Mac desktop, and watchOS Smart Stack, yes, actually.
- Somewhat properly scaled Retina icons for macOS (I see you, low res display users)
- Designed to take advantage of watchOS 10 UI design
- Full iOS 18 icon theming support (With tintable widgets too, don't think I forgot that now.)
- Displays your public and private IP addresses (Genuinely very useful on specifically watchOS, where it's damn near impossible to get your private IP address.)
- Keyboard shortcuts on macOS
- No sideloading required on iPads! (As I distribute a Swift Playgrounds version of Netcheck at the same exact time I distribute the standard IPAs)
- Fast. Simple. What more could you want?

### Credits:

This project used to be called Netcheck until I realized a *verrry* similar app for Apple platforms already existed called NetCheck Connectivity, go check it out [here](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/netcheck-connectivity/id1570703771), this was entirely unintentional and I did not mean to copy, whoops.

On the topic of similar apps, I'm gonna go ahead and also recommend [IsThereNet](https://github.com/FuzzyIdeas/IsThereNet), pretty cool looking app!

For the record, I started developing Netcheck (now Avenis) around March to help me kill time and have just been struggling to complete it, but I promise I *will* do so someday soon!
